docs(ui): document wftemplate enum dropdown. Fixes #6824 (#7114)
argoproj/argo-workflows: docs/workflow-templates.md

### UI

`WorkflowTemplate` resources can also be managed by the UI

> User can specify `enum` to enable dropdown list selection when submitting using WorkflowTemplate from UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users can specify options under `enum` to enable drop-down list selection when submitting `WorkflowTemplate`s from the UI.
```
